JAX: Refactor JAX D2L API to support BatchNorm (#2354)
d2l-ai/d2l-en: chapter_linear-regression/oo-design.md

            self.prepare_data(data)
            self.prepare_model(model)
            self.optim = model.configure_optimizers()

            dummy_input = next(iter(self.train_dataloader))[0]
            variables = model.apply_init(dummy_input, key=key)
            params = variables['params']

            if 'batch_stats' in variables.keys():

>                 # Model contains BatchNorm layer; Handle batch_stats collection
>                 # To be used later in section 8.5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                # Here batch_stats will be used later (e.g., for batch norm)
```

                batch_stats = variables['batch_stats']
            else:
                batch_stats = {}

>             # Flax uses optax under the hood for a single state obj TrainState
>             class TrainState(train_state.TrainState):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            # Flax uses optax under the hood for a single state obj TrainState
            # (more will be discussed later in the batch normalization section)
            class TrainState(train_state.TrainState):
```
